and youtube talk guys clean it and
Welcome to another video and today
we are here with another video from gta5
online for you and another video that
gone insane people and today will be
a very fucking very epic race
It's been a while since I've been bringing a
Very crazy race starts here
You'll see her monster truck name.
of Sierra in this is going down the hill Chile
with the very old monster truck
not monster truck is the one of
I have released a specific name it
that was released here in this update is
independence day is the independence of
United States is then preparing
Here the session are here with staff
of the command the ones registered here of the channel and
when we arrived at the race
Guys I'm going back here is going to be a
crazy business stay watching
people are worth it
Good, now we're here to choose the
vehicle is to release old heitor looks
I only deliberated tuon and it's only the monster
truck will be possible in this race
here will be very crazy old man already
continue here and now I'm ready to
playing old will be spicy sent
attentive to the move only the galley
Are you participating after I say the name?
everybody here
beauty ball show is going to be very crazy
I gave a little play in the off too see
more or less how is the scheme was a
the first few times I walked with 11
And I did not understand running alone.
I went to see more or less as it was
I came here in that part that went up
kept edict and let's go then guys
will be very crazy old man in the air
Then, man asked him to change the ball show.
our people who had come from bike
gauche and I already chipped you have to
being here old is ghost mode is with
sure you would not give a subtotal already
He is last that told me I
I did not have problems but I did not
got the monster the monster truck but not
It's okay, people, let's go guys.
changed the agreement I do not know if it's possible
because I do not have here the minute pee
manioc
there is a ball show and look at the guys going
have a much bigger campaign time to
people are going like a be troicki looks
only guys can can before before
time you can go later here in our
oil that crazy crowd just right to
woman says that the old man was not just a
lightly roll the line go here
again then old let's go again
no problem
That crazy is going to be very close.
Closed now that I do not think anyone
in a room
come on, let's go there first race with
monster
the channel a good show race
commodities here for me to do as the
Mr. Troicki and finally I found
here old and let's go send us
our old
what a madness the show of the galaxies old to
guys blow anything again one
do monte fuck
From what I saw here he is very fragile.
so any little thing is exploding
human, nor was it therefore
blowing up
just look at a light rollover so
I had hidden it 's ours and tom show
also the leader and he is walking
pretty mano tipo has a strong engine in
a run of the ball show né
our old that let's let's ippon force
here in cassava old pedal pedals of
house paulo that old stand that one
well our old car death in my
Front he hand that crazy explode
when you begin to vote yes is sure but
It's a very big vehicle over here.
Bro
cool
in fourth Japan has a chance yet or
no, do not kid, pedal pedal and show
ball just in the soft that our now well
here in bathed face
the staff did a lot of afrojack this year
for us here in the most difficult places
that have that part of the dumont here
his
In this area, let's go guys, let's go.
sent our general overturning the
pure adrenaline here with the name of
free voter show of borba is more
my problem there was that I
I ended up falling a lot exploding once and
and overturning admits the descent and
There were people who did not get the monster truck.
so it's easier for them to see
let's go there too
Look, there, the guys go camping.
very crazy and old campanella come on
come on then it is just right is not to see
I wanted to get it right
I just could not get my hands ahead.
in our galley is exploding overall
on here
Is it already that the finish line
the finish line when you look at the
People also have to get in
first, just run for the hug of
bread goes goes the son will goes will goes will goes
we'll get it will be the first ours
old civilian who was this was only until the
Dribble and just entered tomorrow civil
What's that old?
everyone in front of me to evolve
here everybody in front of me passed
No, finally the guys there look at the
This video deserves the joinha that the
blow and lots of show same guy wins flax
finally very old show enjoy the
cum to hell even if you
Likes also left the team favorite
video are embedded in the channel is also a fan and
Leave your comment because it 's very
important beauty a strong hug and
felipe until the next video bye galley
to the cold